LICENSE AGREEMENT

to the Radar-IQ Manager client Software
and firmware of the CORE-IQ controller.


This license agreement (hereinafter the Agreement) is a
legal document concluded between you (an individual or legal
entity, hereinafter the User) and LLC "Diagnostika-M"
(hereinafter the Author) regarding the above Software
product (hereinafter the Software or "Software"), which
includes Software, recorded on the appropriate media or on
the website of the Author, any printed materials and any
"embedded" or electronic documentation. By installing,
copying or otherwise using the Software, you thereby accept
the terms of this agreement. If you do not accept the terms
of this agreement, then you have no right to use this
Software and it should be immediately returned back to the
seller and the money paid back should be returned.


LICENSE FOR THE SOFTWARE

The Software is protected by copyright laws and
international treaties, as well as other copyright laws and
treaties. The Software is licensed, not sold.


1. SCOPE OF THE LICENSE.

This agreement gives you the following rights:

1.1. Using the Software. It is allowed to install the
Software or any previous version at the same time on one
computer. The primary user of the computer on which this
copy is installed is also permitted to create another copy
solely for his or her work on the laptop.
1.2. Storage and use on the network. It is allowed to store,
install and run a copy of the Software from a public storage
device (for example, a network server). In this case, for
each computer on which this Software is installed or
launched from a network server, a separate license must be
purchased. The license for the Software does not allow joint
or simultaneous use of the Software on different computers
in the amount more than specified in clause 1.1.

2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS.

2.1. Restrictions on technology stripping, decompilation and
disassembly. It is not allowed to open technology, decompile
and disassemble the Software, except and only to the extent
that such actions are explicitly permitted by applicable
law, despite the presence of this limitation in the
agreement.
2.2. Splitting the Software. The Software is licensed as a
whole. It cannot be split into its component parts for use
on multiple computers.
2.3. Rental. It is not allowed to provide the Software for
rent or for temporary use.
2.4. Technical support services. The author provides
technical support services for Software products
(hereinafter "technical support services"). Contacting the
Author for technical support is carried out by e-mail:
info@radar-iq.com, by phone: +7 (495) 228-18-28 . Any
additional Software and source code transferred to you as a
result of the provision of technical support services should
be considered as an integral part of the Software and,
therefore, are subject to the limitations and conditions of
this agreement. The technical data provided to the technical
support service during the call can be used by the Author
for internal purposes, including technical support of
Software products and Software development. The author will
not use this information in a form that discloses your
personal information.
2.5. Software transfer. You are allowed to permanently
assign all your rights under this agreement only together
with the sale or transfer of the computer, provided that you
do not save any copies, transfer the entire Software
(including all components, media and printed materials, any
updates, this agreement and certificates of authenticity, if
there are), and the recipient agrees to the terms of this
agreement. If the Software is an "upgrade", then any
transfer must include all previous versions of the Software.
2.6. Termination of the Agreement. Without prejudice to any
of his other rights, the Author may terminate this agreement
if the conditions and limitations of this agreement are not
met, which will oblige you to destroy all existing copies
and components of the Software.

3. COPYRIGHT.

3.1. All property rights and copyrights to the Software
(including any included control Softwares, photographs,
animations, video and sound recordings, music and text),
components accompanying its printed materials and any copies
of the Software belong to the Author. All rights of the
Author to the Software are protected by the laws and
international agreements on copyright, as well as by other
laws and treaties that govern the relationship of copyright.
Therefore, the Software must be treated like any other
copyright object, with the only exception that the Software
may be installed on one computer and retained the original,
provided that it will only be used as an archive or backup
copy. Copying of printed materials accompanying the Software
is prohibited.

4. DIFFERENT MEDIA OF THE SOFTWARE.

4.1. The Software can be delivered on several types of
media, as well as over the Internet exclusively from the
Author's website. Regardless of their type and capacity, it
is allowed to use only one type of media, which corresponds
exactly to your computer or network server. It is not
permitted to install from other media onto other computers,
rent or lease the media, or cede them for other purposes,
except in the case of the complete transfer of the Software
described above.
